1.Overview:
This version uses the Node MCU 1.0 ESP8266 module with the "websocket_car_mk1.ino" sketch and the "index.html" loaded into SPIFFS flash memory see instructions on how to do this in the arduino IDE.
The other components used were the L298N H-Bridge module, one SG90 micro servo motor, 2 geared 6V DC motors with wheels.
The mechanical chassis was constructed from technical lego. I made use of several methods of bracing the non lego components while also cradling them and restricting them in all their degrees of freedom.
Although the H bridge and the developement board sat on flat plated area on top of the chassis.

2.LEGO mechanical structure:
The steering was comprised of the servo suspended over two sets of double pegs that are each positioned along a long beam also susspended from two points under the servo. from these two long beams the wheel/stilt beams are fitted.
see readme images for reference.




3.The web connection:
The ESP8266 uses your network credentials to connect to a given network and from there hosts the "index.HTML" page from a port on that network.
You can then visit the webpage by entering the ports ip address into your browser as long as you are connected to the same network.
The "Index.HTML" page uses a webocket to establish a connection between the active webpage and the sketch running on the developement board.
For more information on websockets and their uses visit ACROBOTIC on youtube, this is where I looked when researching the methods needed for this project.
The website is formated using a bootstrap grid, this makes layout very easy, and essentialy works by applying very personalisable css rules to html objects using only their class names.
This is possible because of the large set of conditional and combinational rules in the bootstrap css.
To save on file space as i knew this had to be loaded into the boards flash memory I decided to use a bootstrap CDN link to tell the page to go and fetch a nother stylesheet from a bootstrapCDN server when the page loads up.
These links are available from the getbootstrap.com website.